allow precreating ACM resources (#96)
RHsyseng/cluster-relocation-operator: docs/ACMRegistration.md

```

Now your target cluster has a Secret than will allow it to authenticate to the ACM cluster and register itself. Once the registration succeeds, the secret is deleted from the target cluster.

## Pre-creating the ManagedCluster and (optionally) KlusterletAddonConfig

> If you would rather pre-create the ManagedCluster on the ACM cluster, you can omit the `managedClusterSet` and `klusterletAddonConfig` fields from the CR.
> 
> The Service Account that you create only needs permissions to "get" Secrets for the namespace created by the ManagedCluster.

Reviewer: Just expanding on the topic slightly :) . 

```suggestion
For use cases where flexible and ongoing control over the `ManagedCluster` and (optionally) the `klusterletAddonConfig` CRs is required you may pre-create these artifacts on the ACM hub cluster prior to relocation. This allows the user to control the lifetime and content (eg custom labels on the ManagedCluster) CRs beyond the initial installation phase. 

When these CRs are pre-created for a cluster you can omit the `managedClusterSet` and `klusterletAddonConfig` fields from the relocation CR. In this case, the Service Account that you create only needs permissions to "get" Secrets for the cluster namespace created by the ManagedCluster.
```
